Welcome to this module, the report view module and by the way, a module I was really looking forward to
and why is this the case?
Well, it's finally the time to bring some life into our data
and what better way could we have to bring some life to that data than using one of the powerful and actually
beautiful visualizations
Power BI desktop has?
Now before we do that, let's second take a quick look at our workflow in Power BI desktop to see where we are
at the moment.
So this is the workflow that you already know,
so we finished the data preparation, in the last module,
we also finished the data modeling with the data view and the relationship view,
so we are now in the last step in Power BI desktop, the report view
and now you probably want to know what can we exactly do in that report view.
Well you will learn that in the next videos.